In user research interviews that you had,
you heard that customer experience managers have frequently
lamented on the high onboarding costs it takes to train up new agents.
A common product management technique is always asking why,
to get to the first principles of an issue at hand.
After diving deeper into the data and research to ask why,
most of the onboarding involves learning
deep nuances about the products that the companies are selling.
Onboarding costs are high due to
employee volume in addition to higher onboarding costs on an individual level.
The average tenure of customer experience agents from which you found currently sets at
1.2 years compared to 2.3 years for the rest of the industry.
Let us ask why again,
only to find out that agents find
the work satisfying as they get to help their customers,
but generally always face the brunt of issues
and limitations of other product from their customers.
Agents are also closely monitored on their productivity on
an hourly level and are judged by their productivity in ticket resolution.
So our primary target users for solving
this pain point would be the customer experience agents,
or indirect users would be the customer experienced managers.
They are still equally impacted by higher agent churn,
but ultimately the agent experience should be changed.
How does solving these pain points impact users?
Well, these features will increase agents satisfaction and wellness,
which then leads to increasing agent retention,
which then as a result leads to decrease then total onboarding cost for the company.
Furthermore, increasing the satisfaction of admins and agents with Expilliary,
leading to higher product upsell and retention.
In terms of market impact,
this will help position Expilliary with
distinguishing features in the market compared to its competitors.
It will drive NPS or net promoter score,
which leads to higher customer referrals,
both from agents and the admins.
In terms of business impact,
solving for this pain point aligns with
the Expilliary's vision of helping customers be loved by their customers.
This also aligns with this year's objective and
key results of increasing upsell revenue by 41 percent.
We're proposing two solutions to promote agent wellness and satisfaction.
The first is an automated positive feedback system.
An example of this is where notifications would be delivered to
Expilliary's UI to agents if CSAT rates are above 85 percent in the previous day.
Another solution is centered around the notion of agent kudos,
where agents could send other agents Kudo or statements of congratulations on
a bi-weekly basis for helping them out with
a difficult investigation or just giving them props on excellent ticket resolution.
This will help gamify efficient and accurate ticket resolution.
So what are some potential pitfalls we need to remain cognizant of?
The customer experience managers may view this as hampering productivity.
Prohibiting the enablement of this feature in their instance will need to win
their trust from other customer examples
and present this feature to them first and foremost.
There also may be an onset of
repetition fatigue from a lack of diversity in notification prompts.
We'll need to ensure we have a good amount of
notification styles circulating in the system.
How will we get this out to the market?
Initially, through an EAP or Early Access program,
to generate early adopters and customer success stories to further
evangelize from downstream customer experience managers in the mainstream market.
Also we need to launch an experiment on
multiple positive feedback notifications across different variance.